Come back in the summer
Did you get together with that Xiao Chen again?
Are you worthy of competing with your sister for a man?
You don't even see what kind of junk you are
It's not that you Gao Zhuang eloped with someone
Just to stop you from dying in a car accident
How could your sister not have a father?
Because your old Chen family's roots are broken
Why didn't you die?
Now you still force Qin Qin to commit suicide
You are a murderer in the summer
Do you have a conscience in summer?
Your uncle is so kind to you
When you were sick and hospitalized
Your uncle accompanies you in the hospital every day
Your uncle went to apologize to others for stealing
But what about you?
Didn't even shed tears
Are you saying you are still human?
I deserve his death he deserves it
Do you know
I run away
It was because they wanted to sell me to human traffickers
So I ran away
Your brother is a rapist
You always say I'm dirty
In fact, the dirtiest person is him
He takes care of me day and night
It's actually using my body to make money
And didn't let me tell the doctor
Why would he apologize if I stole something?
Because those things were stolen by Orange Love.
Dirty for me
Whether it's you or dad
Uncle and Chen Ziqiang
You all make me sick.
Lao Xia is not like this
It must be summer and he's lying again
Hello
119?
Can you
Save my water
The world is a terrible place.
In my next life, I don't want to come again
Are you a summer family member?
Summer died in the hospital
Come and pick up the body
What's the matter?
What's going on?
Said it was from the People's Hospital
Summer is dead.
Let's release your corpse
also said
Donated all his organs over the summer
This must be a lie.
That's 1,000 yellow 10,000. That's a lie
Ah hum
Hey, brother.
Let's go and see
Must be a lie
Take a look inside.
Ah, that's not my daughter.
My daughter is not that skinny.
And my daughter can't bear to die. Let's go